hello everyone and welcome to my
survival phase 3 best and slot video in
this video we're going to be taking a
look at what is absolute best for phase
3 and some of the differences between
beast mastery and survival hunters
afterwards we'll take a look at when and
how you can transition from tier 5 to
tier 6 and then we'll take a look at
items individually in each gear slot and
discuss a few good high priority items
as well as a few good alternatives in
each slot and finally at the end of the
video we'll go over what you should
prioritize if your guild runs a wish
list or uses a website such as that like
base
in phase 3 we now have access to the
armor pen gear
one of the major differences compared to
the beast mastery hunters is that
unfortunately all the good armor pen
gear is bad for survival hunters outside
of tier 6 and madness of the betrayer as
it lacks a large amount of agility which
is going to be crucial for your exposed
weakness
one major thing i want to remind
everybody is that survival hunters are
not just a buff but you can do very good
personal dps while still providing
excellent exposed weakness values and
uptime with that being said we're going
to start taking a look at what is
absolute bis and for survival there's no
need to worry about swapping between 6
200 and 700 armored bosses
starting off now for the helm we have
ground stalkers helmet socketed with a
delica crimson spinal and relentless
snowstorm diamond for the neck we
continue to use talonicus's pendant for
the shoulders we have groundstalker
spaulders socketed with two delica
crimps and spinals for the cloak we
continue to use the lassien's wilder
cloak for the chest we use
groundstalkers chest guards socketed
with one delica crimson spinal and two
jagged sea spray emeralds for the
bracers we use insidious bands socketed
with a delicate crimson spinal for the
gloves we use ground stalker's gloves
socketed with a delica crimson spinal
for the belt we have don alondra's money
belt socketed with two docker crimson
spinals for the legs we use both stitch
leggings socketed with three delica
crimson spinals
for the boots we use shadow masters
boots socketed with two docker crimps
and spinals
for the rings we have ring of
recalcitrant and band of the eternal
champion
for the trinkets dst is still our best
trinket for the first slot and for our
second trinket we finally replaced
bugless bruce with madness of the
betrayer and next up we have the main
hand and off hand unlike with beast
mastery hunters survival are just going
to use blade of infamy in both the main
hand and off hand at all times and
finishing up with a bow you ideally want
black bow the portrayal over bristol
blitz striker let's take a look now at
when and how we can transition from tier
5 to tier 6. there are a few ways you
can go about this and all the options
will be linked in the video description
below so we won't be going over every
set in detail here there are several
ways you can go about reaching two piece
two six early and that's using either
the shoulders and gloves the helmet
gloves or the helmet shoulders the best
option is the same as mastery hunters
which is aiming for your shoulders and
gloves first the biggest difference for
survival however compared to beast
mastery is that when switching from
two-piece to six early so having your
sure-footed talon allows you to
transition into hero6 much easier
without having to switch other pieces of
gear around for hit rating
now that we've taken a look through gear
sets as a whole let's take a look at
some gear slots individually and discuss
some alternatives and important points
for certain pieces
starting with the helms our absolute
best in phase 3 is ground soccer helmet
while cursed vision of sargeras would
provide a personal dps gain of like more
or less one you're going to lose about
30 raid wide attack power from exposed
weakness which is not a fair trade-off
this will be an incredible relief for
survival hunters as kur's vision of
sargeras is highly contested by pretty
much every other physical dps and a few
alternatives to ground stalker helmet
would be the season 3 helm or force
prowlers helmet however this does
require you switching other pieces of
gear around to maintain your 4-piece
tier 6 which is highly not recommended
as the dps loss is quite significant
for the shoulders we use ground stalker
spalders
these are one of the best pieces of tier
vi and should be used to also transition
into tier vi early i would highly
suggest you don't aim for any of the
alternatives such as shoulders of the
hidden predator swift strike shoulders
shoulders of lightning reflexes or beast
hammers as you're going to take a
significant dps loss both individually
on the gear slot itself and having to
rearrange the rest of your gear set to
maintain your 4 piece tier 6. for the
next unlike beast master hunters
talonicus's pennant remains absolute
biss in all situations as there's no new
necks available to us in phase 3 that
provide the same amount of high agility
and attack by our combination
until you obtain telonicus's pendant
though your best option is necklace of
the deep and you're gonna socket that
with two delica crimps and spinals this
alternative is extremely cheap to craft
so anybody should be able to get their
hands on one fairly easy
for the cloaks survival hunters also
continue to use the lasting's wilder
cloak in a phase three just like with a
neck there are no new good upgrades to
the last names directly and the only
decent alternative would still be drape
of the dark reefers from karazhan or the
blood knight workload from the batch
vendor for the chest there is only one
good auction just like with beast
mastery hunters and that is the
groundstalker's chest guard all other
alternatives lack a large amount of
agility as well as requiring you to
switch up your offset to your piece
which would further reduce your gear set
overall this piece will be highly
contested compared to a few of the other
tier tokens as it's one of the two
pieces of tier that fury wars and
protection warriors both ideally want
it is recommended that you don't swap
over to tier 6 two-piece early with the
chest that is quite a minor upgrade
compared to the other tier six pieces so
don't feel rushed into taking this tier
token before others your protection
warriors if you had one with you and a
fury warrior would see an immediate use
and upgrade with this tear token before
you
for the wrists we have insidious bands
there aren't any decent alternatives for
survival hunters so this is the pair of
braces you really want as it's also one
of the main pieces you're gonna use as a
survival hunter to reach your three
percent hit cap until you obtain these
risks just keep using vampires of ending
as the next best option and alternatives
such as lightning reflexes deadly cuffs
and swift strike braces really shouldn't
be used or prioritized as they lack hit
rating as well as taking a decent
agility loss
for the gloves there is again only one
correct option and that is the ground
stalker's gloves this is one of the tier
pieces that is the best for survival
hunters to acquire early on as it can be
used to break from 4-piece tier 5 into
2-piece tier 6 early for a dps game this
deer token is not a high priority for
fury warriors and protection warriors
don't want it either so the only
competition is your shamans
there's no other decent alternatives
from phase 3 so continue wearing either
your tier 5 gloves or gloves of dexter's
manipulation from whatever set you used
in phase 2.
for the belt slot we have quite a few
options available unlike with beast
mastery hunters your hit situation
really shouldn't be a problem so you can
aim directly for donald andrew's money
belt if you still required hit rating
while transitioning into phase 3 gear
and tier 6 you can just continue to use
belts of the deep shadows and if you
didn't get one to phase two or you just
leveled fresh in phase three a needed
hit then you can aim for bone beam
girdle as a hit alternative shadow
walker's cord and veil soccer girdle are
pretty bad for survival hunters so i
wouldn't worry about these two belts at
all
for the legs we have both stitch
leggings these provide an insanely high
amount of agility crit and attack power
making it a no-brainer option
the only real decent alternative would
be growing soccer laggings which would
be required if you want another route
with your helm slot however the loss and
overall raid benefit outweighs doing
this mostage laggings are going to be
contested by classes such as enhancement
shamans and rep paladins but any smart
guild would be prioritizing these to
your survival hunters first
for the boots we use shadow masters
boots again like many other gear slots
in phase 3 for survival hunters there
just simply isn't anything better or
anything that comes close to matching
these if you needed hit rating
temporarily you could offer the quick
strider moccasins or soft step boots of
tracking as these are decent enough
alternatives but keep in mind they will
be quick and tested by your enhancement
shamans so i wouldn't really take these
from them if they needed it
for the rings we have ring of
recalcitrant and band of the eternal
champion
luckily stormrage signet ring provides
quite poor stats for survival so this is
another major item that survival hunters
don't have to fight other classes for
making your castle trench should be very
easy to pick up at this point if you
don't already have one if your second
ring band of the eternal champion is a
no-brainer as the stats as well as the
proc rate of this ring make it unmatched
by anything else
a few decent alternatives to ring a
recalcitrant would be the ring of
lethality and ring of deceitful intent
again if you need to hit rating
temporarily these are good alternatives
to use but they're not going to be your
absolute best long term
for the trinkets dst remains our first
bish trinket bloodless brooch however is
replaced by madness of the betrayer this
is a very powerful trinket and the only
major item out of the big three the
curse vision and stormrage being the
other two that survival hunters actually
need
this item alone provides nearly half of
the required hit rating you're going to
need for phase 3 and gear sets that
don't use this trinket take a
significant hit in dps
i would also recommend putting this as a
high priority item to obtain early but
until you obtain madness bloodless
brutes is still going to be perfectly
good and viable for you
for the bose we have three options
bristol blitz striker legion killer and
black bowl of the betrayer there are a
few things to consider when deciding
which boy you want and what you should
actually be aiming for and the first
thing to consider is your guild's raid
up time on judgment of wisdom if your
paladins continuously struggle to
maintain judgment of wisdom then the
manager in a black bow would be
beneficial to you the other
consideration in blackboard's favor is
speedrunning and while this isn't going
to be a massive amount of mana you gain
it'll slightly help while you're pulling
fast and you don't have a chance to
fully drink up and your ruins and pots
are on cooldown on top of these two
factors black voltage betrayer actually
sims higher than both bristle blitz and
legion killers survival so leaving
bristle blitz for the beast mastery
hunters would be the best option as
you're not gonna have to fight each
other for which bowl you want
lastly we have the main hand and offhand
weapons to look at this is much more
simple compared to beast mastery hunters
as you won't have to swap around your
weapons depending on whether you're
fighting a 6200 or 700 armor boss simply
aim to acquire two blade of infamy and
call it a day nether bane and claw the
phoenix are still decent weapons to use
until you get these and some decent
alternatives to blade infamy are the
claw and fist the molten fury however
these may be contested by other classes
so i wouldn't take them from anybody
using it as a direct upgrade
the next thing we're going to take a
look at is what should i prioritize my
guild's three item wish list this is
quite a bit easier than beast mastery
hunters as you're not going to be
concerned with hit cap constrictions and
can easily move into tier 6 early what i
would recommend aiming for immediately
and putting at the top of your list
would be tier 6 shoulders gloves and
madness of the betrayer this is a very
realistic expectation to ask for and
from there i would then extend your list
of bow stitched leggings tier 6 helm the
chest and insidious bands
this wraps up the phase 3 survival 100
best in slot video if you found this
video helpful then please like and
subscribe for more future content my
document with a ton of different gear
setups and possibilities will be linked
in the video description below and if
you have any further questions or
perhaps you have a gear set that you
don't see in my document by all means
feel free to reach out to me i'm always
available in the class to counter
discord or you can join my hunter based
discord link below thank you for
watching and i'll see you next time